The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. — Joseph Campbell
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself. — Carl Sagan
Character is destiny. — Heraclitus
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. — John Milton
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. — Buddha
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. — Aristotle
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. — Aristotle
Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind. — Immanuel Kant
What is now proved was once only imagined. — William Blake
I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned. — Richard Feynman
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself—and you are the easiest person to fool. — Richard Feynman
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The obstacle is the path. — Zen Proverb
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man. — Heraclitus
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world. — Ludwig Wittgenstein
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. — Henri Bergson
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. — Albert Camus
Man is condemned to be free. — Jean-Paul Sartre
The quieter you become, the more you can hear. — Ram Dass
Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself. — Rumi
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood were made in collapsing stars. — Carl Sagan
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. — Søren Kierkegaard
The most common form of despair is not being who you are. — Søren Kierkegaard
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate. — Carl Jung
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct. — Carl Jung
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. — Rumi
The unexamined life is not worth living. — Socrates
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. — Aristotle
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. — Socrates
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. — Philip K. Dick
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration. — Nikola Tesla
Two things fill the mind with ever new admiration and awe: the starry heavens above and the moral law within. — Immanuel Kant
The imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man. — Richard Feynman
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. — Carl Sagan
The universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose. — J.B.S. Haldane
Not all those who wander are lost. — J.R.R. Tolkien
Those who were seen dancing were thought insane by those who could not hear the music. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The wound is the place where the Light enters you. — Rumi
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. — Albert Einstein
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. — Aristotle
Time is a game played beautifully by children. — Heraclitus
What we think, we become. — Buddha
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. — Søren Kierkegaard
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. — Arthur C. Clarke
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. — Isaac Asimov
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. — Arthur C. Clarke
Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. — Marcus Aurelius
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. — Dalai Lama
You have power over your mind—not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. — Marcus Aurelius
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. — Robertson Davies
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent. — Ludwig Wittgenstein
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. — Seneca
The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. — Carl Jung
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. — Carl Sagan
We make our world significant by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers. — Carl Sagan
The past has no power over the present moment. — Eckhart Tolle
What I cannot create, I do not understand. — Richard Feynman
One must imagine Sisyphus happy. — Albert Camus
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. — Dalai Lama
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. — Rumi
Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames. — Rumi
The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore. — Rumi
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. — Epictetus
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. — Epictetus
Freedom is what we do with what is done to us. — Jean-Paul Sartre
The brain is wider than the sky. — Emily Dickinson
Forever is composed of nows. — Emily Dickinson
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel. — Socrates
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change. — Albert Einstein
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
I think therefore I am. — René Descartes
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. — Albert Einstein
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. — Carl Sagan
The mind is everything. What you think you become. — Buddha
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. — Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. — Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. — Seneca
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. — Seneca
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. — Seneca
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. — Alan Watts
Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless—like water. — Bruce Lee
Absorb what is useful, discard what is not, add what is uniquely your own. — Bruce Lee
A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence. — Jim Watkins
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. — Marcus Aurelius
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. — Marcus Aurelius
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. — Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. — Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. — Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. — Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is nature's delight. — Marcus Aurelius
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears. — Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive. — Marcus Aurelius
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. — Marcus Aurelius
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing. — Marcus Aurelius
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. — Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together. — Marcus Aurelius
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect. — Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. — Marcus Aurelius
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks. — Marcus Aurelius
You don't have to turn this into something. It doesn't have to upset you. — Marcus Aurelius
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. — Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. — Epictetus
Circumstances don't make the man, they only reveal him to himself. — Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. — Epictetus
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. — Epictetus
Caretake this moment. Immerse yourself in its particulars. — Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. — Epictetus
You become what you give your attention to. — Epictetus
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness. — Aristotle
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. — Aristotle
Hope is a waking dream. — Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. — Aristotle
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. — Aristotle
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. — Lao Tzu
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. — Lao Tzu
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. — Lao Tzu
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. — Confucius
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. — Confucius
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. — Confucius
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior. — Confucius
Before enlightenment, chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment, chop wood, carry water. — Zen Proverb
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. — Chinese Proverb
Fall seven times, stand up eight. — Japanese Proverb
The fool speaks, the wise man listens. — Ethiopian Proverb
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. — Chinese Proverb
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. — Saadi Shirazi
The path to paradise begins in hell. — Dante Alighieri
Consider your origin; you were not born to live like brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge. — Dante Alighieri
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep. — William Shakespeare
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves. — William Shakespeare
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players. — William Shakespeare
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. — William Shakespeare
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. — William Shakespeare
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once. — William Shakespeare
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. — William Shakespeare
Go wisely and slowly. Those who rush stumble and fall. — William Shakespeare
To be yourself in a world constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be great is to be misunderstood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The earth laughs in flowers. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not length of life, but depth of life. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, honorable, compassionate, to matter. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is no path to happiness: happiness is the path. — Buddha
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. — Buddha
The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new. — Socrates
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think. — Socrates
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms. — Socrates
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. — Oscar Wilde
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. — Oscar Wilde
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future. — Oscar Wilde
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. — Albert Einstein
The important thing is not to stop questioning. — Albert Einstein
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. — Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. — Albert Einstein
The mind that opens to a new idea never returns to its original size. — Albert Einstein
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
God does not play dice with the universe. — Albert Einstein
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. — Leonardo da Vinci
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean. — Isaac Newton
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. — Marie Curie
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. — Charles Darwin
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent. It is the one most adaptable to change. — Charles Darwin
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. — Thomas Edison
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. — Stephen Hawking
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. — Stephen Hawking
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. — Stephen Hawking
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. — Stephen Hawking
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. — Stephen Hawking
Quiet people have the loudest minds. — Stephen Hawking
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe. — Stephen Hawking
The universe doesn't allow perfection. — Stephen Hawking
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. — Arthur C. Clarke
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner. — Richard Feynman
Fall in love with some activity, and do it! Nobody ever figures out what life is all about. — Richard Feynman
You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. — Richard Feynman
I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something. — Richard Feynman
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it. — Richard Feynman
If you thought that science was certain—well, that is just an error on your part. — Richard Feynman
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. — Carl Sagan
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love. — Carl Sagan
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. — Carl Sagan
The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space. — Carl Sagan
Understanding is a kind of ecstasy. — Carl Sagan
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. — Carl Sagan
The most exciting phrase in science is not Eureka but That's funny. — Isaac Asimov
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. — Isaac Asimov
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them. — Isaac Asimov
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. — Isaac Asimov
Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. — Isaac Asimov
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right. — Isaac Asimov
Science can amuse and fascinate us all, but it is engineering that changes the world. — Isaac Asimov
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing. — Isaac Asimov
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. — Philip K. Dick
If you think this universe is bad, you should see some of the others. — Philip K. Dick
The problem with introspection is that it has no end. — Philip K. Dick
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. — Kurt Vonnegut
So it goes. — Kurt Vonnegut
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. — André Gide
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. — Charlie Chaplin
There is nothing permanent except change. — Heraclitus
To be even-minded is the greatest virtue. — Heraclitus
The soul is dyed the color of its thoughts. — Heraclitus
Day by day, what you choose, what you think, and what you do is who you become. — Heraclitus
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. — Heraclitus
The sun is new each day. — Heraclitus
Much learning does not teach understanding. — Heraclitus
If you do not expect the unexpected you will not find it. — Heraclitus
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. — Søren Kierkegaard
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use. — Søren Kierkegaard
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself. — Søren Kierkegaard
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are. — Søren Kierkegaard
Once you label me you negate me. — Søren Kierkegaard
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true. — Søren Kierkegaard
Boredom is the root of all evil. — Søren Kierkegaard
He has the most who is most content with the least. — Diogenes
I am a citizen of the world. — Diogenes
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards. — Diogenes
We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less. — Diogenes
Man is the most intelligent of the animals—and the most silly. — Diogenes
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth. — Diogenes
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. — Carl Jung
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances. — Carl Jung
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. — Carl Jung
Man cannot stand a meaningless life. — Carl Jung
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge. — Carl Jung
The meaning of my existence is that life has addressed a question to me. — Carl Jung
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. — Carl Jung
I am not what happened to me. I am what I choose to become. — Carl Jung
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. — Rumi
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth. — Rumi
Wear gratitude like a cloak and it will feed every corner of your life. — Rumi
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life? — Rumi
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion. — Rumi
What you seek is seeking you. — Rumi
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. — Anaïs Nin
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. — Wayne Dyer
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are. — Anaïs Nin
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. — Anaïs Nin
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive. — Anaïs Nin
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect. — Anaïs Nin
The role of a writer is not to say what we can all say, but what we are unable to say. — Anaïs Nin
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again. — Anaïs Nin
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all; there is only the meaning we each give to our life. — Anaïs Nin
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs
Stay hungry, stay foolish. — Steve Jobs
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. — Steve Jobs
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. — John Lennon
The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you. — Neil deGrasse Tyson
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. — Mahatma Gandhi
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. — Mahatma Gandhi
Where there is love there is life. — Mahatma Gandhi
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. — Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. — Benjamin Franklin
The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear. — Aung San Suu Kyi
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. — Nelson Mandela
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. — Nelson Mandela
It is in your hands to make a difference. — Nelson Mandela
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. — Nelson Mandela
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. — Nelson Mandela
Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies. — Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela
May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law. — Immanuel Kant
Dare to know! Have the courage to use your own reason. — Immanuel Kant
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. — Immanuel Kant
Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for. — Immanuel Kant
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. — Immanuel Kant
It is the mark of an educated mind to entertain a thought without accepting it. — Aristotle
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. — William James
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. — William James
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. — William James
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. — Mark Twain
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. — Mark Twain
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. — Robert Frost
The only way out is through. — Robert Frost
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. — John A. Shedd
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. — Bertrand Russell
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. — Bertrand Russell
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing. — Voltaire
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. — Voltaire
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Without music, life would be a mistake. — Friedrich Nietzsche
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. — Frederick Douglass
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. — Haruki Murakami
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. — Alice Walker
Let go of who you think you're supposed to be; embrace who you are. — Brené Brown
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. — Henry David Thoreau
Things do not change; we change. — Henry David Thoreau
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. — Vincent van Gogh
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. — Milton Berle
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important. — Ambrose Redmoon
The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of a great soul is the whole world. — Democritus
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. — Henry Ward Beecher
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. — Robert M. Pirsig
The truth knocks on the door and you say, go away, I'm looking for the truth, and so it goes away. — Robert M. Pirsig
Quality is the Buddha. — Robert M. Pirsig
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life. — Eckhart Tolle
Life will give you whatever experience is most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness. — Eckhart Tolle
What a liberation to realize that the voice in my head is not who I am. — Eckhart Tolle
You are the universe, expressing itself as a human for a little while. — Eckhart Tolle
He who fears death will never do anything worthy of a living man. — Seneca
Turn your wounds into wisdom. — Oprah Winfrey
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. — Seneca
The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. — Seneca
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. — Seneca
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. — Seneca
There is no genius without a touch of madness. — Seneca
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. — Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. — Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms—you'll be able to use them better when you're older. — Seneca
We are spiritual beings having a human experience. — Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
The harder I work, the luckier I get. — Samuel Goldwyn
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open. — Frank Zappa
Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength. — Sigmund Freud
If you want to be happy, be. — Leo Tolstoy
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. — William Blake
I shut my eyes in order to see. — Paul Gauguin
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done. — Robert A. Heinlein
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity. — Sun Tzu
Know thyself. — Inscription at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi
Nature is the art of God. — Dante Alighieri
Tell the truth, but tell it slant. — Emily Dickinson
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you. — B.B. King
The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those who speak it. — George Orwell
Everything you can imagine is real. — Pablo Picasso
To fight the Empire is to be infected by its derangement. — Philip K. Dick
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. — Marcus Aurelius
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. — Viktor Frankl
Those who have a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'. — Viktor Frankl
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. — Viktor Frankl
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. — Viktor Frankl
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time. — Viktor Frankl
The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain. — Kahlil Gibran
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding. — Kahlil Gibran
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars. — Kahlil Gibran
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts. — Kahlil Gibran
Trust the dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. — Kahlil Gibran
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
Genius is eternal patience. — Michelangelo
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free. — Michelangelo
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. — Michelangelo
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. — Michelangelo
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. — Michelangelo
Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it. — Michelangelo
I am still learning. — Michelangelo
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle. — Michelangelo
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. — Bruce Lee
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. — Bruce Lee
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. — Bruce Lee
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities. — Bruce Lee
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. — Bruce Lee
Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own. — Bruce Lee
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. — Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. — Bruce Lee
Be happy, but never satisfied. — Bruce Lee
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. — Bruce Lee
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. — Bruce Lee
Do not think, feel! It is like a finger pointing away to the moon. — Bruce Lee
As you think, so shall you become. — Bruce Lee
The possession of anything begins in the mind. — Bruce Lee
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. — Buddha
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. — Buddha
The root of suffering is attachment. — Buddha
In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you. — Buddha
There is no fire like passion, no shark like hatred, no snare like folly, no torrent like greed. — Buddha
To understand everything is to forgive everything. — Buddha
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. — Buddha
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do if you do not act upon them? — Buddha
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace. — Buddha
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise. — Buddha
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. — Seneca
We are always getting ready to live but never living. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him. — Henry Miller
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and at last you create what you will. — George Bernard Shaw
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. — George Bernard Shaw
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. — George Bernard Shaw
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. — George Bernard Shaw
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. — George Bernard Shaw
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — George Bernard Shaw
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place. — George Bernard Shaw
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. — George Bernard Shaw
Animals are my friends... and I don't eat my friends. — George Bernard Shaw
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it. — J.M. Barrie
To live will be an awfully big adventure. — J.M. Barrie
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out. — Ray Bradbury
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them. — Ray Bradbury
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe. — Ray Bradbury
Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy. — Ray Bradbury
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. — Ray Bradbury
The things you fear are undefeatable, not by their nature, but by your approach. — Jewel
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people. — Isaac Newton
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. — Isaac Newton
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. — Isaac Newton
Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things. — Isaac Newton
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. — Maya Angelou
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. — Maya Angelou
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty. — Maya Angelou
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. — Maya Angelou
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. — Maya Angelou
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. — Maya Angelou
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. — Maya Angelou
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently. — Maya Angelou
Nothing will work unless you do. — Maya Angelou
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. — Maya Angelou
If you're always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be. — Maya Angelou
We need much less than we think we need. — Maya Angelou
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody. — Maya Angelou
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art. — Maya Angelou
